Adding WSL guide (#36)
pyansys/dev-guide: doc/source/guidelines/PyMAPDL_WSL_Guide.rst

  .. _ref_guide_wsl:

PyAnsys Libraries on a Windows Subsystem for Linux and Docker
##############################################################

This section shows you how to use a PyAnsys library, more specifically PyMAPDL, in the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).
WSL is a compatibility layer for running Linux binary executables natively on Windows 10, Windows 11, and Windows Server 2019. For more information, see `Wikipedia-WSL <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Subsystem_for_Linux>`_.

This section walks you through the installation of WSL on Windows and then shows how to use it together with MAPDL, PyMAPDL, and Docker.

> For more information about WSL,  see `What is the Windows Subsystem for Linux? <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about>`_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about WSL, see `What is the Windows Subsystem for Linux? <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about>`_. 
```

  .. _ref_guide_wsl:

> ANSYS on Windows Subsystem for Linux and Docker

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ansys on Windows Subsystem for Linux and Docker
```

> ###############################################

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
########################################################
```

> ANSYS on Windows Subsystem for Linux and Docker
> ###############################################

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PyAnsys Libraries on a Windows Subsystem for Linux and Docker
################################################
```

> This guide shows you how to use Ansys products, more specifically PyMAPDL, in the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide shows you how to use Ansys products, more specifically PyMAPDL, in the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).
```
```suggestion
This guide shows you how to use a PyAnsys library, more specifically PyMAPDL, in the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).
```

> This guide shows you how to use Ansys products, more specifically PyMAPDL, in the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide shows you how to use a PyAnsys library, more specifically PyMAPDL, in the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).
```

Reviewer 2: Given that this only a section of the dev guide, I've changed the terminology accordingly.

> WSL is a compatibility layer for running Linux binary executables natively on Windows 10, Windows 11, and Windows Server 2019 
> (`Wikipedia-WSL <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Subsystem_for_Linux>`_).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WSL is a compatibility layer for running Linux binary executables natively on Windows 10, Windows 11, and Windows Server 2019. For more information, see `Wikipedia-WSL <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Subsystem_for_Linux>`_.
```

> This guide walks you through the installation of WSL in Windows, and shows how to use it together with ANSYS, PyMAPDL and docker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide walks you through the installation of WSL on Windows and then shows how to use it together with ANSYS products, PyMAPDL, and Docker.
```

Reviewer 2: Ansys is an adjective for the brand. It has to be followed by a noun. I'm not sure if "products" is correct here. Maybe I'll learn more as I read.

> For more information about WSL please visit `What is the Windows Subsystem for Linux? <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about>`_. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about WSL, see `What is the Windows Subsystem for Linux? <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about>`_. 
```
```suggestion
For more information about WSL please visit `What is the Windows Subsystem for Linux? <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about>`_. 
```

> For more information about WSL please visit `What is the Windows Subsystem for Linux? <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about>`_. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about WSL,  see `What is the Windows Subsystem for Linux? <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about>`_. 
```

Reviewer 2: Technical writing conventions say not to use "please" in your documentation.

Author: Very useful. Thank you!

> .. warning:: **Disclaimer:** This guide is still in Alpha state. Please proceed with caution. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. warning:: **Disclaimer:** This guide is draft. Use it with caution.
```

> .. warning:: This guide hasn't been tested with a VPN connection.

Reviewer 2: This guide hasn't been tested with a VPN connection or WSL hasn't been tested with a VPN connection?

Author: This guide. WSL should work, and in theory, Ansys should too, but there are some caveats that makes me think it might fail.

Author: I edited this:

```
.. warning:: This guide hasn't been fully tested with a VPN connection. If you experience any problems to connect WSL to internet, try to disconnect from the VPN. 
```

Reviewer 3: This really depends on the VPN used.. WSL itself can also have issues (e.g., no internet connection) when on VPN.

> .. warning:: This guide hasn't been tested with a VPN connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. warning:: WSL hasn't been tested with a VPN connection.
```

> Running ANSYS on WSL 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Running Ansys Products on WSL 
```

> *********************

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
******************************
```

> Install WSL2

Reviewer 2: Why WSL2 here and WSL elsewhere?

Author: Very good point..... Thing are that WSL2 is relatively recent so the version 1 is the one implemented by default in Windows. 

Hence, I guess we should probably clarify this a bit more.

=============

> Follow the instructions in the official Microsoft website `Install WSL <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install/>`_ .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the `Install WSL <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install/>`_ on the official Microsoft website.
```

Author: I really need to get my head around ``See``...

> It is recommended you use WSL2 over WSL1. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend that you install WSL2 rather than WSL1. 
```

Install CentOS7 WSL Distribution
=================================

> This is the recommended distribution to work with PyANSYS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CentOS7 WSL is the recommended distribution for working with PyANSYS.
```

> You can install it using an unofficial WSL distribution from `<https://github.com/wsldl-pg/CentWSL/>`_ .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can install it using an unofficial WSL distribution hosted at `<https://github.com/wsldl-pg/CentWSL/>`_ .
```

.. note:: 

>     It seems the above project has been discontinued.
>     A more updated CentOS distribution can be found in `<https://github.com/mishamosher/CentOS-WSL/>`_ , however it has not been tested yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    It seems that the above project has been discontinued. While a more updated CentOS distribution is hosted at `<https://github.com/mishamosher/CentOS-WSL/>`_ , it has not been tested yet.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm assuming that this will all be rewritten. It's not normal to say use this--oh no, you can't, but you can use this, which might not work.

Author: Fair enough. I will rewrite this.

Author: Re-written.

> You can use Ubuntu if you wish to do so, but it has not been tested yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use Ubuntu if you want to do so, but it has not been tested yet.
```

> Install ANSYS in WSL CentOS7

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install Ansys Products in WSL CentOS7
```

> =============================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
======================================
```

Prerequisites
--------------

> If you are using CentOS 7, before installing ANSYS you need to install some required libraries:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using CentOS 7, before installing Ansys products, you need to install some required libraries:
```

.. code:: bash
   
   yum install openssl openssh-clients mesa-libGL mesa-libGLU motif libgfortran

> In case of Ubuntu, please follow the specific instructions in `Running MAPDL: Ubuntu <https://mapdldocs.pyansys.com/getting_started/running_mapdl.html#ubuntu/>`_ .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If using Ubuntu, follow the instructions in `Running MAPDL: Ubuntu <https://mapdldocs.pyansys.com/getting_started/running_mapdl.html#ubuntu/>`_ .
```

> Install ANSYS
> --------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install Ansys Products
------------------------
```

> To install ANSYS in WSL Linux, you need to follow the next steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install ANSYS products in WSL Linux:
```

> 1. Download ANSYS Structures image from customer portal (`Current Release <https://download.ansys.com/Current%20Release>`_). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Download the Ansys Structures image from the customer portal (`Current Release <https://download.ansys.com/Current%20Release>`_). 
```

>    If you are using windows to download it, you can later copy it from it to WSL (recommended).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If you are downloading the image on a Windows machine, you can later copy from it to WSL (recommended).
```

> 2. Decompress the source code file (tar.gz) by using 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Decompress the source code file (tar.gz) with:
```

   .. code:: bash
   
       tar xvzf STRUCTURES_2021R2_LINX64.tgz

> 3. Install ANSYS by going into the uncompressed folder and type:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Install MAPDL by going into the uncompressed folder and typing:
```

   .. code:: bash
   
       ./INSTALL -silent -install_dir /usr/ansys_inc/ -mechapdl

   where: 

   - ``-silent`` : Initiates a silent installation (No GUI).

   - ``-install_dir /path/`` : Specifies the directory to which the product or license
     manager is to be installed. 
     If you want to install to the default location, you can omit the ``-install_dir`` argument. 

>      The default location is ``/ansys_inc`` if the symbolic link is set; otherwise, it will default to ``/usr/ansys_inc``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     The default location is ``/ansys_inc`` if the symbolic link is set. Otherwise, it will default to ``/usr/ansys_inc``.
```

>    - ``-<product_flag>`` : Specifies one or more products to install specific products. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - ``-<product_flag>`` : Specifies one or more specific products to install. 
```

     If you omit the -product_flag argument, all products will be installed. 

>      See the list of valid product_flags in the Chapter 6 in *ANSYS Inc. Installation Guides* PDF. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     See the list of valid product_flags in Chapter 6 of the *ANSYS Inc. Installation Guides* PDF. 
```

>      In this case, only mechanical (`-mechapdl`) is needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     In this case, only MAPDL (`-mechapdl`) is needed.
```

You could install it directly in ``/ansys_inc`` if you wish, or in ``/usr/ansys_inc`` and then create a symbolic link using:

.. code:: bash

    ln -s /usr/ansys_inc /ansys_inc

> By default, PyMAPDL expects ANSYS executable being in ``/usr/ansys_inc``, so whether you install it there or not, it is recommended you link that directory, using symbolic link, to your ANSYS installation directory (``/*/ansys_inc``).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, PyMAPDL expects the MAPDL executable to be in ``/usr/ansys_inc``. Whether you install it there or not, we recommend that you link that directory, using a symbolic link, to your ANSYS installation directory (``/*/ansys_inc``).
```

> Post installation setup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Post-installation Setup
```

========================

> Opening ports

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Opening Ports
```

--------------

**Theory:** 

> You should open the ports ``1055`` and ``2325`` for the license server communication in `Windows Firewall Advanced`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should open the ports ``1055`` and ``2325`` for the license server communication in ``Windows Firewall Advanced``.
```

Author: I guess this should be italics.

Author: Done.

You can see the steps in `How to open port in Windows 10 Firewall <https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/all/how-to-open-port-in-windows-10-firewall/f38f67c8-23e8-459d-9552-c1b94cca579a/>`_ . 

**Reality:**

> This works if you want to run a docker image using WSL Linux image to host that docker image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This works if you want to run a Docker image using WSL Linux image to host that docker image.
```

> The docker image will successfully communicate with the Windows License Server using these ports if using ``'-p'`` flag when running the docker image and if having those ports open.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The docker image will successfully communicate with the Windows License Server using these ports if you use the ``'-p'`` flag when running the Docker image and these ports are open.
```

See `Running ANSYS on a local docker`_ .

> If you wish to run ANSYS in the CentOS7 image and use the Windows License Server, opening the ports might not work properly, since Windows firewall seems to block all traffic coming from WSL. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to run MAPDL in the CentOS7 image and use the Windows License Server, opening the ports might not work properly because the Windows firewall seems to block all traffic coming from WSL. 
```

> It is recommended (for security purposes), you still try to open ``1055`` and ``2325`` ports in the firewall and check if your ANSYS installation can communicate with Windows Hosts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For security purposes, we recommend that you still try to open ports ``1055`` and ``2325`` in the firewall and check if your MAPDL installation can communicate with the Windows Hosts.
```

If you are having problems after setting the firewall rules, you might have to disable Windows Firewall for the WSL ethernet virtual interface.
This might pose some unknown side effects and security risk so use it with caution.
See `Disabling Firewall on WSL Ethernet`_

> Setting up an environmental variable in WSL that points to Windows Host License Server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting Up an Environmental Variable in WSL that Points to Windows Host License Server
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Windows host IP is given in the WSL file ``/etc/hosts`` before the name ``host.docker.internal``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Windows host IP is given in the WSL file ``/etc/hosts`` before the name ``host.docker.internal``.
```

> .. note:: This ``host.docker.internal`` definition might not be available if docker is not installed. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note:: This ``host.docker.internal`` definition might not be available if Docker is not installed. 
```

**Example /etc/hosts/ file**

.. code-block:: bash
   :emphasize-lines: 7

   # This file was automatically generated by WSL. To stop automatic generation of this file, add the following entry to /etc/wsl.conf:
   # [network]
   # generateHosts = false
   127.0.0.1       localhost
   127.0.1.1       AAPDDqVK5WqNLve.win.ansys.com   AAPDDqVK5WqNLve

   192.168.0.12    host.docker.internal
   192.168.0.12    gateway.docker.internal
   127.0.0.1       kubernetes.docker.internal

   # The following lines are desirable for IPv6 capable hosts
   ::1     ip6-localhost ip6-loopback
   fe00::0 ip6-localnet
   ff00::0 ip6-mcastprefix
   ff02::1 ip6-allnodes
   ff02::2 ip6-allrouters

> You can add the next lines to you WSL ``~/.bashrc`` file to create an environment variable with that IP:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add the next lines to your WSL ``~/.bashrc`` file to create an environment variable with that IP:
```

.. code:: bash

    winhostIP=$(grep -m 1 host.docker.internal /etc/hosts | awk '{print $1}')
    export ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE=1055@$winhostIP

> Running ANSYS on a local docker
> ********************************

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Running MAPDL on a Local Docker Image
********************************************
```

> To run a docker image, you need to follow all the previous steps detailed in `Running ANSYS on WSL`_ .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run a Docker image, you must follow all steps in `Running ANSYS on WSL`_ .
```

> Additionally, to run a docker PyMAPDL image, use the next command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, you run a Docker image of PyMAPDL with:
```

.. code:: pwsh

    docker run -e ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE=1055@host.docker.internal --restart always --name mapdl -p 50053:50052 docker.pkg.github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/mapdl -smp > log.txt

Successive runs should restart the container or just delete it and rerun it using:

.. code:: pwsh

    docker stop mapdl
    docker container prune

    docker run -e ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE=1055@host.docker.internal --restart always --name mapdl -p 50053:50052 docker.pkg.github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/mapdl -smp > log.txt

This will create a log file (``log.txt``) in your current directory location.

> .. note:: Please make sure your ports (``50053``) are open in your firewall.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note:: Ensure that your port ``50053`` is open in your firewall.
```

> It is recommended to do a script file (batch ``'.bat'`` or powershell ``'.ps'`` files) to run the above commands, all at once.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommended that you use a script (batch ``'.bat'`` or powershell ``'.ps'`` file) to run the above commands all at once.
```

> Please do notice that we are mapping the iWSL nternal gRPC port (``50052``) to a different Windows host port (``50053``) to avoid ports conflicts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice that we are mapping the WSL internal gRPC port (``50052``) to a different Windows host port (``50053``) to avoid ports conflicts.
```

This image is ready to be connected to from WSL or Windows Host but the port and IP should be specified as:

.. code:: python

    from ansys.mapdl.core import launch_mapdl

    mapdl = launch_mapdl(ip='127.0.0.1', port=50053, start_instance=False) 

Or:

.. code:: python 

    from ansys.mapdl.core import Mapdl
    
    mapdl = Mapdl(ip='127.0.0.1', port=50053)

> You can also specified them using environment variables which are read when launching the MAPDL instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also specify them using environment variables that are read when launching the MAPDL instance.
```

.. code:: bash

    export PYMAPDL_START_INSTANCE=False
    export PYMAPDL_PORT=50053
    export PYMAPDL_IP=127.0.0.1

> Launch docker with UPF capabilities:
> ======================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Launch Docker with UPF Capabilities
========================
```

> In case you want to specify a custom Python UPF routine, you need to have the environment variables ``ANS_USER_PATH`` and ``ANS_USE_UPF`` defined. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to specify a custom Python UPF routine, you must have the environment variables ``ANS_USER_PATH`` and ``ANS_USE_UPF`` defined. 
```

The former should be equal to the path where the UPF routines are located, and the latter should be equal to ``TRUE``.

> In the WSL you can do this using:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In WSL, you can do this using:
```

.. code:: bash

    export ANS_USER_PATH=/home/user/UPFs # Use your own path to your UPF files.
    export ANS_USE_UPF=TRUE

> Then you can run the docker image using:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can then run the Docker image with:
```

.. code:: bash

    docker run -e ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE=1055@host.docker.internal -e ANS_USER_PATH='/ansys_jobs/upf' -e ANS_USE_UPF='TRUE' --restart always --name mapdl -p 50053:50052 docker.pkg.github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/mapdl -smp  1>log.txt

> .. warning:: The use of UPFs with docker images or PyMAPDL is still in Alpha state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. warning:: The use of UPFs with Docker images or PyMAPDL is still in the Alpha state.
```

Author: Done locally.

Notes
======

> The specified IP (``127.0.0.1``) in `Running ANSYS on a local docker`_ is the IP of WSL CentOS from the WSL perspective.
> Whereas the Windows host IP is (normally) ``127.0.1.1``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The specified IP (``127.0.0.1``) in `Running ANSYS on a local docker`_ is the IP of WSL CentOS from the WSL perspective, whereas the Windows host IP is normally ``127.0.1.1``.
```

> Docker build the images (PyMAPDL images) using the WSL distribution as base. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Docker builds the PyMAPDL images using the WSL distribution as the base. 
```

> Hence we have a PyMAPDL running on a Linux WSL distribution which is running on a Windows host.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hence, PyMAPDL is running on a Linux WSL distribution, which is running on a Windows host.
```

> Since the docker image shares resources with WSL, it does also share the internal IP with the WSL distribution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because the Docker image shares resources with WSL, it also shares the internal IP with the WSL distribution.
```

> Other useful stuff

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other Useful Stuff
```

*******************

> Other ANSYS installation flags

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other Ansys Installation Flags
```

===============================

``-licserverinfo``
-------------------

> Obtained from:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can obtain license server information with one of the following, inspecting the last lines of the ``INSTALL`` file:
```

.. code:: bash
    
    ./INSTALL --help

Or:

.. code:: bash

    cat ./INSTALL

> and inspecting the last lines of the ``INSTALL`` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

- ``-licserverinfo`` : Specifies information to be used by the client for the license server. 
  Valid only in conjunction with a silent installation (INSTALL). 
  

>   The format is:
> 
>   + For single license server:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The format for a single license server is:
```

    .. code:: bash

        -licserverinfo LI_port_number:FLEXlm_port_number:hostname
    
    Example:
    
    .. code:: bash

        ./INSTALL -silent -install_dir /ansys_inc/ -mechapdl -licserverinfo 2325:1055:winhostIP

>   + Three license servers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  + The format for three license servers is:
```

    .. code:: bash

        -licserverinfo LI_port_number:FLEXlm_port_number:hostname1,hostname2,hostname3
    
    Example:
    
    .. code:: bash

        ./INSTALL -silent -install_dir /ansys_inc/ -mechapdl -licserverinfo 2325:1055:abc,def,xyz

``-lang``
-----------                  

> Specifies a language to use for the products installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies a language to use for the installation of the product.
```

``-productfile``
------------------

> You can specify an options file that lists the products you want to install.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can specify an `options` file that lists the products that you want to install.
```

> To do so, you must provide a full path to a file containing desired products.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To do so, you must provide a full path to the file containing the products to install.
```

> Regarding IPs in WSL and Windows host

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Regarding IPs in WSL and Windows Host
```

======================================

> Theory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Theory**
```

> Theory:
> --------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Theory
--------
```

> You should be able to access Windows host using IP specified in ``/etc/hosts`` which normally is ``127.0.1.1``. This means that the local WSL IP is ``127.0.1.1``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should be able to access the Windows host using the IP specified in ``/etc/hosts``, which normally is ``127.0.1.1``. This means that the local WSL IP is ``127.0.1.1``.
```

Author: Fixing typo in local version

Reality
--------

> It is almost impossible to use ``127.0.1.1`` for connecting to the Windows host. However it is possible to use ``host.docker.internal`` hostname in the same file (``/etc/hosts``).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is almost impossible to use ``127.0.1.1`` for connecting to the Windows host. However, it is possible to use ``host.docker.internal`` hostname in the same file (``/etc/hosts``).
```

> This is an IP which is randomly allocated, which is an issue when you define the License Server. However if you update the ``.bashrc`` as mentioned before, this issue is solved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is an IP that is randomly allocated, which is an issue when you define the license server. However, if you update ``.bashrc`` as mentioned before, this issue is solved.
```

Disabling Firewall on WSL Ethernet
===================================

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This method will show a notification:
```

.. code:: pwsh

    Set-NetFirewallProfile -DisabledInterfaceAliases "vEthernet (WSL)"

> This will show a notification, but this not:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This method will not show a notification:
```

.. code:: pwsh

    powershell.exe -Command "Set-NetFirewallProfile -DisabledInterfaceAliases \"vEthernet (WSL)\""

Link: `<https://github.com/cascadium/wsl-windows-toolbar-launcher#firewall-rules/>`_

> Windows 10 Port forwarding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Windows 10 Port Forwarding
```

===========================

> Link ports between WSL and Windows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Link Ports Between WSL and Windows
```

------------------------------------

.. code:: pwsh

    netsh interface portproxy add v4tov4 listenport=1055 listenaddress=0.0.0.0 connectport=1055 connectaddress=XXX.XX.XX.XX

> PowerShell command to view all forwards

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PowerShell Command to View all Forwards
```

----------------------------------------

.. code:: pwsh

    netsh interface portproxy show v4tov4

> Delete port forwarding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Delete Port Forwarding
```

-----------------------

.. code:: pwsh

    netsh interface portproxy delete v4tov4 listenport=1055 listenaddres=0.0.0.0 protocol=tcp

> Reset windows network adapters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reset Windows Network Adapters
```

===============================

.. code:: pwsh

    netsh int ip reset all
    netsh winhttp reset proxy
    ipconfig /flushdns
    netsh winsock reset

Restart WSL service
====================

.. code:: pwsh

    Get-Service LxssManager | Restart-Service

> Kill all the processes with given name
> =======================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kill All Processes with a Given Name
=======================
```

.. code:: pwsh

   Get-Process "ANSYS212" | Stop-Process

Install xvfb in CentOS7
========================

> It is needed if we want to replicate the CI/CD behaviour (See ``.ci`` folder).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to replicate the CI/CD behavior, ``xvfb`` is needed. For more information, see ``.ci`` folder.
```

.. code:: bash

   yum install xorg-x11-server-Xvfb

Notes
******

> - The PyMAPDL does only work for shared-memory parallel (SMP) when running it on WSL, hence this flag (``-smp``) should be included.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- PyMAPDL only works for shared-memory parallel (SMP) when running on WSL. This is why the flag ``-smp`` should be included.
```

> - Remember there are some incompatibilities between VPN and INTEL MPI. In that case use ``-mpi msmpi`` flag when calling mapdl.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Because there are some incompatibilities between VPN and INTEL MPI, use the flag ``-mpi msmpi`` when calling MAPDL.
```
